README.md, before:

# yellow
DataViz-Proj1

Project Title: How Precipitation Impacts Wildfires in California
Team Members: Kevin Eggert, Josh Jenkins, Mike Shoemake, Stephanie Zhao

Project Description: Our project will look at the relationship between precipitation and wildfires in California.

Research Questions (3-4): 

1.) Is there a correlation between total amount of rain in a specific area and the total number of wildfires? 

2.) Is there a correlation between total number of acres burned and precipitation or the size of wildfires? 

3.) Is there a correlation between the duration of a wildfire and precipitation? Could there be outside factors shortening the duration of a wildfire? Do fires last longer when there is less precipitation?

4.)  

Datasets: https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires, https://data.nodc.noaa.gov/cgi-bin/iso?id=gov.noaa.ncdc:C00313, https://data.ca.gov/dataset/cimis-weather-station-data1, https://www.kaggle.com/rtatman/188-million-us-wildfires

Breakdown of Tasks: 

 1.) Use Pandas to clean and format your data set(s). Create a Jupyter Notebook describing the data exploration and cleanup process
 
 2.) Create a Jupyter Notebook illustrating the final data analysis
 
 3.) Use Matplotlib to create a total of 6-8 visualizations of your data (ideally, at least 2 per "question" you ask of your data)
 
 4.) Save PNG images of your visualizations to distribute to the class and instructional team, and for inclusion in your presentation
 
 5.) Optionally, use at least one API, if you can find an API with data pertinent to your primary research questions
 
 6.) Create a write-up summarizing your major findings. This should include a heading for each "question" you asked of your data, and under each heading, a short description of what you found and any relevant plots

Commit message:

Defined group vs individual activities

README.md, after:

# yellow
DataViz-Proj1

Project Title: How Precipitation Impacts Wildfires in California
Team Members: Kevin Eggert, Josh Jenkins, Mike Shoemake, Stephanie Zhao

Project Description: Our project will look at the relationship between precipitation and wildfires in California.

Research Questions (3-4): 

1.) Is there a correlation between total amount of rain in a specific area and the total number of wildfires? 

2.) Is there a correlation between total number of acres burned and precipitation or the size of wildfires? 

3.) Is there a correlation between the duration of a wildfire and precipitation? Could there be outside factors shortening the duration of a wildfire? Do fires last longer when there is less precipitation?

4.)  

Datasets: https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires, https://data.nodc.noaa.gov/cgi-bin/iso?id=gov.noaa.ncdc:C00313, https://data.ca.gov/dataset/cimis-weather-station-data1, https://www.kaggle.com/rtatman/188-million-us-wildfires

Breakdown of Tasks: 

Group Activities:
 1.) Use Pandas to clean and format your data set(s). Create a Jupyter Notebook describing the data exploration and cleanup process
 
 5.) Optionally, use at least one API, if you can find an API with data pertinent to your primary research questions
 
 6.) Create a write-up summarizing your major findings. This should include a heading for each "question" you asked of your data, and under each heading, a short description of what you found and any relevant plots
 
 Individual Activities:
 Each will have our own question to develop stats and visualizations to answer
 
 2.) Create a Jupyter Notebook illustrating the final data analysis - each will have our own branch
 
 3.) Use Matplotlib to create a total of 6-8 visualizations of your data (ideally, at least 2 per "question" you ask of your data)
 
 4.) Save PNG images of your visualizations to distribute to the class and instructional team, and for inclusion in your presentation
